I came to Greece as an immigrant when I was just 60 years old.
Because of that, I never felt saved with people around me.
At that time, I was renting an apartment from a man who was studying the Bible with one
of Jehovah's Witnesses.
One day, I joined the study and the brother invited me to the convention.
I was very cautious at the beginning, but the brother seemed trustworthy.
I always had questions about true God, and I wanted to learn more about Him.
So I decided to go.
In 2016, I received an invitation from my son to attend the convention of Jehovah's Witnesses.
He was getting baptized at that convention, and it was important to him for me to be there.
And so he asked me to go.
Even though I was very active in another religion for 30 years, I went in order to please him.
I learned the truth after I subplicated God with all my strength, because I was really lost.
I asked for answers to questions that were yet unanswered, and God answered me.
Jehovah gave me the answer to my prayers when I found this.
This invitation, deliverance at hand, was the answer to my prayers.
Arriving there at that convention, I observed the crowd.
Many people starting right at the parking lot.
Everything organized, people entering in an orderly manner.
Inside the assembly hall, everyone was very organized, well dressed, very loving.
And when the convention began, I saw such spiritual food that I had never seen in my religion.
Thirty years in a religion, I thought I knew a lot, but I didn't know anything.
So I decided to study.
When I arrived at the convention, I started watching the people.
Their faces were smiley.
They seemed to be happy.
There were men, women, and children from different races and nationalities.
When they sang, I could sense their true joy and unity.
For the first time in my life, I felt very safe.
I was not in fear of being taken advantage of.
Also, what I learned at that convention drew me to the true God.
I thought that if all these people are truly happy and feel really safe
being part of this organization, Jehovah's organization, then indeed,
that is what I was looking for.
I went to the convention on Sunday.
I was really warmly welcomed by all the brothers and sisters there.
I listened to all the morning program.
And at noon, I recognized the sound of the truth.
I was sure it was the truth.
I decided to become one of Jehovah's Witnesses, and I became one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
I got baptized in 2017, and now I serve as a pioneer.
My first study was the following Wednesday.
I was happy to get to know Jehovah.
Now I am one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
And as much as I can, I participate in the invitation campaigns.
I really hope that it has many people be delivered.
I started attending meetings right after the convention.
I started a Bible study and eventually I got baptized as one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
My mother, one of my brothers and my two sisters are now serving Jehovah's well.
Later on, I got married to a faithful sister, a very good wife,
and we serve Jehovah together.
People need to feel safe.
And I know for sure that Jehovah's organization is the safest place you can be.